README.md, before:

---
title: GenesisX - Ecosystem Simulator
emoji: 🌱
colorFrom: green
colorTo: blue
sdk: docker
pinned: false
license: mit
---

# GenesisX - Advanced Ecosystem Simulator

An AI-powered ecosystem simulation featuring autonomous agents with large language model reasoning capabilities.

## Features

- **TIME_V1 System**: Biologically accurate time progression (1 hour per step)
- **CausalAgents**: LLM-powered autonomous agents with reasoning capabilities
- **Observer Analytics**: Real-time epidemiology tracking and mass balance validation
- **High-Performance**: Optimized for GPU-accelerated environments

## Hardware Requirements

This simulation runs on standard hardware:
- **CPU**: Multi-core processor (standard tier sufficient)
- **RAM**: 2GB minimum, 4GB recommended
- **Browser**: Modern browser with WebGL support

For large-scale simulations (1000+ agents), GPU acceleration provides enhanced performance.

## Usage

The simulator runs in observer mode with controls for:
- Following highest energy agents
- Tracking oldest agents
- Random agent selection
- Ecosystem overview mode

## Technology Stack

- React 19 + Vite
- Three.js for 3D visualization
- D3.js for data visualization
- Tailwind CSS for styling
- Ollama integration for LLM reasoning

## Development

Built with comprehensive biological modeling including:
- Contact-hours epidemiology
- Mass balance conservation
- Continuous-time hazard functions
- Compressed schema export (v1)

---

*Powered by advanced AI reasoning for realistic ecosystem dynamics*

Commit message:

fix: Update hardware requirements to reflect high-performance specifications for simulation

README.md, after:

---
title: GenesisX - Ecosystem Simulator
emoji: 🌱
colorFrom: green
colorTo: blue
sdk: docker
pinned: false
license: mit
---

# GenesisX - Advanced Ecosystem Simulator

An AI-powered ecosystem simulation featuring autonomous agents with large language model reasoning capabilities.

## Features

- **TIME_V1 System**: Biologically accurate time progression (1 hour per step)
- **CausalAgents**: LLM-powered autonomous agents with reasoning capabilities
- **Observer Analytics**: Real-time epidemiology tracking and mass balance validation
- **High-Performance**: Optimized for GPU-accelerated environments

## Hardware Requirements

This simulation is designed to run on high-performance hardware:
- **GPUs**: 4x L40S (recommended)
- **RAM**: 382GB (recommended for large-scale simulations)
- **CPU**: Multi-core for parallel agent processing

## Usage

The simulator runs in observer mode with controls for:
- Following highest energy agents
- Tracking oldest agents
- Random agent selection
- Ecosystem overview mode

## Technology Stack

- React 19 + Vite
- Three.js for 3D visualization
- D3.js for data visualization
- Tailwind CSS for styling
- Ollama integration for LLM reasoning

## Development

Built with comprehensive biological modeling including:
- Contact-hours epidemiology
- Mass balance conservation
- Continuous-time hazard functions
- Compressed schema export (v1)

---

*Powered by advanced AI reasoning for realistic ecosystem dynamics*
